WIP: how to create a basic strategy (#13)
snapshot-labs/snapshot-docs: strategies/how-to-write-a-basic-strategy.md

---
description: Main components of a basic strategy
---

# How to write a basic strategy

Every strategy is, at its core, the implementation of the `strategy(space, network, provider, addresses, options, snapshot)` function.

A quick word on the function parameters:

* `space`: the space (if applicable), based on the registered ENS associated with this strategy (see [Spaces](../spaces/))

> * `network`: the network id as an integer (1 for Ethereum)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `network`: the network id as a string ("1" for Ethereum mainnet)
```

* `provider`: the network provider used by the web browser
* `addresses`: the list of addresses of the voters being processed.
* `options`: a collection of options that can be passed to strategy(...) - those have no default keys and can be used to pass any useful data

> * `snapshots`: the block height at which the data are queried by strategy(...) - if none is passed, 'latest' is used.&#x20;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `snapshot`: the block height at which the data are queried by strategy(...) - if none is passed, 'latest' is used.&#x20;
```

> `Strategy(...)` returns a javascript object with every addresses from the addresses array as keys and the corresponding voting power as value (expressed in number of token owned by the address for `erc20-balance-of`, as a number of rocks owned for `has-rock`, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Strategy(...)` returns a JavaScript object with every addresses from the addresses array as keys and the corresponding voting power as value (expressed in number of token owned by the address for `erc20-balance-of`, as a number of rocks owned for `has-rock`, etc).
```
